Clarify roles and responsibilities, obsolete 3934 (#132)
larseggert/draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes: draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes.md

{{?RFC9245}} and is tasked to moderate **all** IETF participation channels.

As a consequence, this memo obsoletes {{!RFC3683}} and the "posting rights"
(PR) action it defines, and {{!RFC3934}}.

> It also obsoletes {{Section 4 of !RFC9245}}, which

Reviewer: Is there more to do to address #130 or is this it?

Author: What we are saying is that guidance must be developed by the moderator team with community input, and then approved, and that admins should act consistently with that guidance.  There is an issue: the guidance won't be there day one.  We might need some interim guidance along the lines of, “Until such time guidance that guidance is approved, admins should use their best judgment."

Author: ok, see latest commit.

Participants
should contact both fora administrators and the moderator team when they
have concerns

> about any problematic behavior happening in a forum.  Administrators
> should address such complaints promptly, replying to the complainant,
> and informing the moderator team of their disposition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about any problematic behavior happening in a forum.  Administrators
should address such reports promptly, replying to the reporter,
and informing the moderator team of their disposition.
```
More neutral wording.
